Alright! In this video, I want to talk
about Interface Naming Conventions, the
best practices around naming because I
get a lot of questions as we get into
the Dependency Injection.
How should I name my interfaces? How
should I name the implementation of the
interfaces? So I want to give you some
general rules of thumb. The interface
should be a good object name. For example,
if you look at Java's List interface,
there's literally dozens of
implementations of the list interface
like ArrayList, LinkedList,
CheckedList, SingletonList. I mean, there's
stuff out there have never even heard of.
I'm not sure what they do, to be honest.
These are all good names for it.
The list, when you implement the list, you
really don't care what it is. You're just
asking for a list object and an
implementation of it so you don't get
down to the nitty-gritty details of the
difference between an ArrayList and a
LinkedList. You don't care when you're
using the list interface as it should be.
Some people like to start their
interfaces with the letter 'I' and I'm
saying NO IList. I think this is a dot
in that community thing where they
prefix the interface name with an 'I' so
you know that it's an interface, so it
gives you a visual data interface. The
Java folks really don't like that and we
don't like to see that 'I' in front of
interface name. So when you name the
interface, go ahead and make a good
object name. That's something that
you're going to be utilizing. Now let's
talk about the implementation of that.
When there is just one implementation,
it's generally acceptable to use that
Interface and then Impl. Going back
to lists, you could use the list Impl,
Impl for implementation. This is very
accepted within the Java community. I've
had students come back and say hey
you're using Impl rather than something
that makes sense.
Generally, if you only have one, it's okay
to use Impl, so if you don't see a need
for one error to make a distinction
there, perfectly fine to use just Impl.
Largely accepted within the community.
However, if you're going to have multiple
implementations of that interface,
then, that name should indicate the
difference of that. So this is very
important. Impl, if you're only going
to have one,
very common within Spring to just have
one implementation of an interface and
then when you get to testing, you're
gonna be using that interface to
generate mocks or stubs and things like
that for your test framework, then
maybe you want to give those
implementations a name or just happen to
use a Mock and where you really don't
name it, that's perfectly fine. But
the key point is, where you just have one,
Impl is fine. If you have more than
one, then give something in the name of
it to indicate the difference. I'm
gonna jump over to IntelliJ now and show
you an example of this in action. Okay, I
have the pet clinic app. I am not going
to save what I'm showing here to source
code but what I want to do is create a
Java Class. Let's say SomeController
like so. We're gonna go ahead and add
that so I'm gonna have... I don't want to
do that. I'm gonna be deleting these so I
have SomeController and then let's
create Java Jlass. I'm going to
make this an
interface like
so. Oops I added that out of a
habit. This is not going into Git. I'm
just doing this for demonstration
purposes. So I might say private final
MyService myService like so. I'm just going to
hit that and add in a constructor
parameter so that's automatically going to
populate that. So now, what my controller
my controller name SomeControllers
asking for a class that implements
MyService. So now, if I come over to
MyService and I'm gonna hit alt
enter to Implement the Interface, now I
could do an implementation like this.
I'm perfectly valid where I'm doing the
Impl. But what I'm going to be showing
you coming up in the pet clinic, if I
wanted to do this, what I might want to
do is let's Refactor this.
Rename
See if I can generate two of these.
So it's coming up to MyServiceImpl
and let's say
Jpa.
In the naming, I'm doing JpaImpl just
for illustrative purposes. So what I'm
going to be doing coming up in the pet
clinic application, I'm going to implement
services where we can get objects from a
hashmap at runtime and then later we're
going to start using a database. I want
to use Spring Profiles because what I
want to be able to do is use Spring
Profiles as to how this controller gets
wired either with an implementation of
using a hashmap for the objects that
are being returned from the service or I
want to be using Jpa to return objects
from a database so these are two
implementations but just to get your
head around how this is being worked,
I've created three four different
objects here. I have my controller that
wants an implementation of MyService,
so MyService is the interface and now I'm
going to allow Spring to wire in either
annotation of the hashmap implementation
or the JPA implementation. I've used
Impl, some people would say just use
Jpa and hashmap. I'm not going to get down
to that nitty-gritty here. I'm using
these as illustrative purposes
because now if I look at the concrete
classes of MyService hashmap Impl, I
know that this is going to be related to
the implementing that service using a
hashmap. Likewise with Jpa, I know that's
going to be implementing a service with
Jpa. But the way I like to think about it
is when I'm working with the controller,
I don't want to care how that service is
implemented. All I wanna do is ask the
Framework, Springs Inversion of Control
container, IOC container to implement or
inject an implementation of that.
We're going to use Spring Configuration as
to how to inject that, so that this gives
us a lot of versatility but from a
standpoint of developing and where I
care about things, I don't care about the
implementation of MyService. I'm going to
ask Spring to determine that. Now you
could say I have two implementations
there. It's clear from their naming. I
hope this clears this up. There's a lot
of opinions on this. I'm giving you my
opinion. It may count or others, but I do
see this generally
accepted in the industry, so just to
recap, what we're talking about for
naming interfaces and implementations, if
it's the interface, use a valid object
name so you can see here I'm
implementing MyService so that's a
valid object name. That is very common.
Just find a good object naming conventions
there and then for the implementation, if
there's just one, perfectly acceptable to
use Impl. If there's more than one, use
something in the name of it to indicate
the difference of the functionality so
that you know well. In this example, one
is a hashmap implementation and the
other is a Jpa implementation so give
people something to go off of in your
naming convention. So always remember when
you are coding, code as read by others a
lot more than it is written, so there's a
lot more time studying and reading what
code it does, so when you're on a team,
help out your team members by naming
stuff that makes sense in ways that make
sense in this intuitive.